Documentation updates (#51)
infobip/mcp: README.md

### 👤 Customer data and platform management

| Server | Endpoint | Features                                                                                                                                   |
|---|---|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **People** | `https://mcp.infobip.com/people` | Manage Person profiles, add and manage company profiles, tags, custom attributes and lists, track and export events, audience segmentation |
| **Account Management** | `https://mcp.infobip.com/account-management` | Account balance, free messages count, total balance, manage and update account details, audit logs                                         |

> | **CPaaSX Applications and Entities** | `https://mcp.infobip.com/application-entity` | Create and manage CPaaSX applications, entities and resource associations.                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **CPaaSX Applications and Entities** | `https://mcp.infobip.com/application-entity` | Set up multi-tenant messaging by creating and managing CPaaSX resources, like applications and entities.                                                                 |
```

## 🔌 HTTP Transport

Infobip MCP servers support [streamable HTTP transport](https://modelcontextprotocol.io/docs/learn/architecture#transport-layer). Connect your MCP client directly to any Infobip MCP server endpoint:

```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "infobip-sms": {
      "type": "http",
      "url": "https://mcp.infobip.com/sms"
    }
  }
}
```

> If your MCP client supports OAuth 2.1, the authorization flow will be triggered automatically on first connection. See [Authentication and Authorization](#-authentication-and-authorization) below.

## 🔐 Authentication and Authorization

To use Infobip MCP servers, you need an Infobip account. If you don't have one, [create an Infobip account with a free trial](https://infobip.com/signup?utm_source=infobip-mcp-github&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=mcp).

### Using OAuth 2.1

Infobip MCP servers support OAuth 2.1 authentication.
To use OAuth 2.1, your MCP client must support OAuth 2.1 authentication and [Authorization Server Discovery](https://modelcontextprotocol.io/specification/2025-11-25/basic/authorization#authorization-server-discovery).

> Configure your MCP client to connect to the Infobip MCP server without providing authentication credentials — the OAuth flow will be triggered automatically, redirecting you to the Infobip OAuth server for authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can then configure your MCP client to connect to the Infobip MCP server without the need to provide authentication credentials at that point. The OAuth flow will be triggered automatically, redirecting you to the Infobip OAuth server for authentication.
```
